Day 90 – Road to Fluent Spanish Summary
Today focused on completing Pimsleur Unit 3 Lesson 8 after taking three days to thoroughly reinforce the material. In addition to completing the lesson, I reviewed the week’s conversational phrases, bonus phrases, challenge phrase, Duolingo vocabulary, Memrise vocabulary, and older material through multiple rounds of recall and conversation practice.

Duolingo
Reviewed and practiced new vocabulary including:

No como pescado.
Necesitas pescado y verduras.
Toco el violín.
Toco la guitarra.
¿Quién es el chico alto?
¿Qué concierto quieres?
La canción.
Also reviewed reflexive verb vocabulary:

Nos cepillamos los dientes.
Se lava las manos.
Memrise
Reviewed vocabulary including:

Desempleado
La canción
El trabajo de tus sueños
Sería
No me importa el dinero
These phrases introduced additional conversational vocabulary that will continue to improve naturally with repetition.

Weekly Conversation Phrases
Continued reviewing all ten weekly conversational phrases:

¿Cómo conoces a la gente aquí?
¿Qué me recomiendas hacer esta noche?
¿Cuál es tu lugar favorito en la ciudad?
¿Con qué frecuencia vienes aquí?
Estoy aprendiendo español porque quiero hablar con la gente.
¿Qué haces normalmente los fines de semana?
Me gusta conocer gente nueva.
¿Qué música escuchas?
Nunca he probado eso antes.
¿Qué debería pedir?
Weekly Bonus Phrases
¿Puedes hablar un poco más despacio, por favor?
Entiendo más de lo que puedo hablar.
Weekly Challenge Phrase
Memorization continues:

Aunque todavía cometo errores, cada día me siento más cómodo hablando español.

This phrase is becoming much more natural and should be fully memorized before the end of the week.

Pimsleur Unit 3 Lesson 8
Completed Lesson 8 after three days of review.

Major phrases practiced included:

Puedo caminar allí contigo.
¿Dónde quieres caminar?
Hay mucho espacio.
Me gusta mucho caminar.
El apartamento es bastante grande.
Estaciono el carro en el estacionamiento.
¿No pagaste?
Hay que repararlo.
Quizá podría reparar tu carro.
Hay una plaza cerca.
La plaza es muy bonita.
También es bastante cómodo.
Conversation Practice
Today’s conversation practice focused on answering naturally without looking at notes.
